Fix/chat head group notifications (#1314)
wireapp/wire-ios: wire-ios-sync-engine/WireSyncEngine.docc/WireSyncEngine.md

# ``WireSyncEngine``

Power the operation of the Wire iOS app.

## Overview

The WireSyncEngine framework provides the logical functionality necessary to run the Wire
iOS app. In contains all the logic and dependencies necessary to log in, create and manage
conversations, send and receive encrypted messages, among many other things.

> It's main responsibility is to set up the depenendency graph and combine components from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its main responsibility is to set up the dependency graph and combine components from
```
